So let's go ahead and let's create our last section.
So here again we need to check where this section and I'm so on this is going to be on our song list
section right.
This was the song list.
So that's right over here.
And this is going to be a comment.
This is going to be the end of song list.
And then we're going to do well here.
And this is going to be a songs so I'm going to write or hear songs Section 1 so I have the comment
of songs section then I'm going to write on here and this is going to be a section and on here we're
going to say this is going to be class of songs.
I was going to say songs right then I have to I'm not going to have a heading one like this and I'm
going to write top songs or write then all he'll going to write a div and this is going to be a song's
center so I'm going to say or hear Dave and or hear this is going to have a class all your songs and
we're going to say senator then not only is going to have a songs Center.
We also need our carrousel because we're going to be using our cars.
So we're going right over here now.
So those are the two classes that we need actually for our cars to work.
And we're going to all how or how rigorous rent once we have these two classes are here.
Now would you would want to do is actually place articles that are going to be our songs.
So I'm going to say we're here an article like this and I'm going to give it a class of song right.
Right.
So once we have the article then we'll get right over here heading three and we're going to say this
is going to be an artist artist over here.
Then the next one is going to be a heading for and this is going to be a song.
And then after that we would want to have a div of song container.
I pressed tab.
Now we have some container and here we're going to write image.
Right.
And again we're going to have the same image we're going to have images and this is going to be song
one song one.
I know where he'll get the right song.
And once we have this now we'll do what I want is a I can write that we're actually going to be placing
as we're hovering right.
So I'm going to say we're here.
I know this is going to be a mess and we're going to say F A and this is going to be music music or
press tab and I can see that I have my icon or right all the way in the bottom right now.
What I would also want to do is actually place this on my in the actual link.
All right.
So I'm going to say over here this is going to be a trap here and I'm going to say we're here and this
is going to be class so long.
Icon right.
And let's play this here and start it over here right.
So song like right.
Once we have this now we want to create eight of these right here.
So what I'm going to do over here again I'm just going to write and this is going to be song.
This is going to be the end of song and of song and I can't copy and paste this a time and still within
the right I will grab this and let's copy this sometimes so one two three four five six seven.
All right.
And was just scroll down right.
This is going to be number two.
This is going to be again number three.
This is going to be number four.
Number five number here six and seven and this is going to be number eight.
So now that we have them let's go to names you assess what's actually started styling them.
So I would say this is going to go up to main success and go all the way and the bottom line know here
we're going to say that this is going to be songs.
I mean again place a hashtags like this right.
And these are going to be songs.
So we're going to say we're here and this is going to be songs and we're going to first add a padding
when you say here and this is going to be a padding of 40 pixels and zero.
So I'm going to say songs and we're going to say padding 40 pixels and zero here like that.
Right.
So pretty much top bottom 40 pixels that I'm going to work with a song setting one the top songs and
one will get it right or here we're going to say this is going to be songs handing one and do you want
to hear text transform transform when you say how good is this.
And then we're going to have a margin of 20 I'm 0 0 20 pixels and 20 pixels like this then we're going
to work with actual song.
So we're going to write something or you are going to say text on line.
When I say Center we're here and with we're going to also going to say 90 percent or so right.
Then Margene we're going to say zero.
All right.
So basically the whole song we're actually placing in a center right.
We're saying that song should be only 90 percent and then margin 0 or so then we're going to work with
this song or hear three or like this.
I'm going to say text transform and we're going to set up twice like this and then we're going to have
a slim margin or you know what let's do it differently right.
Let's work with the actual song over here.
Right.
So I'm going to say song and we're going to say heading for here we're going to say that this is going
to be a margin.
And it is going to be 10 pixels and then zero like this and then we're going to say again text transform
text transform and you're going to say again it's going to be capitalized.
Now we would want to change the color.
And so I'm going to say that the color is going to be color and this is going to be hashtag 8 8 8 8
the year like this.
And now what you would want to do is work with an actual container.
So basically what I want to do right now is I want to place this icon in the middle right when I'm hovering.
And so basically it should shouldn't be here right now.
Right.
So only as I'm hovering right I'm going to create this effect and it's looking on here as I'm hovering.
Now we're going to get an icon.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say this is going to be song container right.
This is the container that actually has this image right here.
What you would want to do is since we're going to be using the absolute positioning right.
We're going to say position relative right.
And this is important if we're going to be using position absolute for this guy.
And then also what we would want is overflow.
Hidden.
All right.
Because what's going to happen is we're going to scale the image right.
However as we add these properties I'm actually going to show you what happens if we don't add.
So don't worry about it.
Right.
BORGER And we're going to say eight years it's going to be 20 pixels.
All right then margin I'm going to say we're here is going to be 10 pixels.
That's right.
And you can see that I messed that up because this is container right now we're actually affecting the
container.
And before that we're not doing that.
All right.
So now what do we want to do is have a song.
When I say saw an image like this I'm going to say this play block like this.
Then we're going to have a with what we we're going to say 100 percent.
And it is important to do it right.
Actually important because again we're going to be dealing with a whole carousel that uses absolute
positioning.
Right so that's right or really important.
Right.
And then what you want to do is have a opacity and transformation.
All right.
So first what I'm going to say is the transition I'm going to say all and let's say again this is going
to be two seconds two seconds is like this right.
However here what I'm going to say is that as I'm hovering over the song someone else's song image over
here opacity is going to be actually 0.7 right here.
And also we'll do a little bit of transformation and so we're going to say transform scale one point
to me and you see what happens right as I'm hovering over.
All right I can see that what's happening is that actually my image is actually changing right now.
What is important right is for me you can see that right now the image is zooming in red.
However if I would have had it over here let's say that we are going to come in this one out.
Right.
And you can see or hear what's happening image is actually getting bigger right.
And we don't want and that's why it's important for the container to have this awful hit it right.
Once we have this the next thing that we would want to do is work with an actual song I can do it all
here.
So I'm going to say really this is going to be something that we're going to say on and once we have
a font size it's going to be 30 pixels.
To have a padding of 10 pixels like this.
And then we're going to have a display and this play is going to be inline block in one block or here.
Then the caller is going to be orange.
So when you say orange EF 1 5 0 2 5 0 like this then border.
So when I say border and an order is going to be two pixels solid.
And this is going to be hashed.
EF 1 5 0 2 5 0 0 like this then we're going to have a broader radius.
It's going to be 50 percent right this cursor we're going to say pointer pointer on this then transition
we're going to say it all right so we're going to say transition and we're going to write all.
And again this is going to be two seconds.
Two seconds.
He's like this.
Now the most interesting part.
And so first one would want to do is have a position right I'm going to see position.
Absolute.
That's right.
And I can see that it actually has disappeared.
Right then we're going to say left and this is going to be 50 percent.
Right.
And here top also is going to be 50 percent.
Now you can see it up here or here right now this is important why.
To have this position relative right.
Because this container's actually right now a parent container for this position.
Right.
So this is important to actually do it right now once we have this top and left.
Now what I would want is actually place it exactly in the center because you can see that it's not exactly
in center.
So I'm going to say transfer one and I'm going to say translate I'm going to say negative 50 percent.
Right.
You can see that I'm moving it right and negative 50 percent right.
So now I can see that it actually moves in the center right away right.
So this is the exact same center because before that it wasn't really in the center because it actually
took in account its own dimensions.
And so now we have this right now what we want is to have opacity and we're going to say zero.
So it disappears.
However we're going to be hovering over.
So I'm going to say song icon and I'm going to say however I like this I'm going to say that this is
going to be a color right.
So this is going to be color color is going to be one white f f f here.
Border color more color.
When I say color and this is going to be hash tag EF 1 5 0 to 5 and background is also going to change
right.
So hash tag 1 5 0 to 5 on here like this.
Right now we cannot see it right now.
Right.
Because we're even though we're hovering the capacity is zero.
However I'm going to say here some container cover like this and we're going to say song icon icon on
here.
And we're going to say what opacity is going to be one.
So let's see how it happens.
Right.
So as you can see as I'm hovering over the container right the actual icon is actually appearing right.
However if I go to the actual icon right now we have another effect.
All right.
So that's about it for the main thesis.
Now what we would need to do is actually had our outlook so.